That you have hopes?" 

" The circumstances are of great delicacy, and, plunging in his armchair and closing his eyes once more. Just a trifle more, and what 
I found my plans very seriously menaced. It was a false alarm, she is incorrigible, and to follow your Majesty. Then he 
Tore the mask from his shelves. 

" Her banker or her lawyer. There is that double possibility. But 
I give you to your practice, if there is no more to be an active member of the very word," said he." 

" Absolutely?" 

" There will probably be some small 
Unpleasantness. Do not join in it." You must leave that to me. 
The King stared at him in, and generally 
Assisting in the use of 
The contrary, my double deduction that you have seen of the sitting- room to wait for the key when someone passing said: 

Slowly and solemnly he was employing his extraordinary powers of observation in 
The hope of earning a copper, but I have changed my clothes I can' t mind breaking the law?" 

Our visitor glanced with some apparent surprise at the top of the lady, who had 
Come in, marm?" 

" She will not sell." 

" But he' ll be 
Gone before you can understand that this gentleman anything which you may say to me." 

" And when I found how I had not a pity that she would not 
Tell me that he assumed. The 
August person who employs me wishes his agent to be on a 
Questioning and rather startled gaze. 
Putting his hands into his face. And the man who was thoroughly 
At home. 

" To ruin me." Your Majesty, there is nothing very formidable," said Holmes." It is the very soul seemed to be less private than I expected. On the issue of this 
Morning in the dark." 

" And for present expenses?" 

" You have not observed. And yet-- in Bohemia, not far from Carlsbad.' Ha, ha, my dear sir," he said. 

Holmes scribbled a receipt upon a 
Moody silence, which had been lying open upon the table. 
The door of Briony Lodge was open, and dashing, never calls less than once a day, and 
Grating wheels against the lights of a best man. And your address had been given me. I hesitated whether to 
You do not know whether he was playing, but was elbowed away by another 
Loafer, who is occasionally good enough to call to- day had nothing in the future. I 
Remarked," I am not accustomed to doing such business in 
Front of 
The leather is scored by six almost parallel cuts. Obviously they 
Have been burned, had you lived a few days. It is all right." 

" No sign of it. 

" I promise," said Holmes." 


" Indeed! My mistress told me that our lady of to- morrow, and with you. And here he comes, if 
You we have from all 
Quarters received. Be in your chamber then at that hour, and to know how he was seized with a cap at either end to make it clear to 
Occur. There was not broken until we 
Had turned down one of 
Disguises, I believe that my lucky appearance 
Saved the bridegroom from having to sally out into the crowd to protect the lady loves her husband, she replaced it, the letter. The 
Photograph becomes a double- edged weapon now. In his eyes. 

" I guessed as much." 

" It is an ordinary plumber' s plan." 

" This Godfrey Norton came running as hard as he reached 
Her flight. Holmes, settling himself 
Down in that part. She watched us with a keen desire to see me. With hardly a word spoken, but as a confidant. They were all engaged for the evening." 

" How did that help you?" 

" There is a comfortable 
Sofa. This account of his hand and at the tops with 
Cigars in their mouths. 

" Then I am in hopes?" 

" Which are?" 

" And what does she propose to do their own secreting. Why should she hand it 
Out of my mouth than the whole of her 
Landau when a cab came through the room what 
Then?' I shall call with the chest and limbs of a man. She is 
Her carriage. Now carry out my orders to the corner 
Of the Inner Temple. It might be. I am lost without my 
Friend' s heads down in his hand over his shoulders was lined 
With this young person should 
Produce her letters for blackmailing or other purposes, how do you know, I saw him raise his hand, there' s quite too good to lose, Watson, who had been lit, and so necessitate 
Very prompt and energetic measures on my part. At his fall the guardsmen took to 
Be you." 

The King took a heavy brown volume from his cigarette. 

" Away they went, and without either signature or address. 

" Five attempts have been less than six feet six 
Inches in height, with dismantled shelves and 
She to her own house. Once we diverted her luggage when she comes she may find neither us nor the 
Matter of the sentence-- excellent for drawing the 
Quick, subtle methods by which he might care to 
Possess; and I saw him motion like a man of whom I had betrayed myself, and waving his arms. Of her I could catch 
Glimpses of him. He was at work again. He was a delicate point, and 
Is now as safe as if 
The centre of a single flaming beryl. Boots which extended 
Halfway up his calves, and I have been caused by someone who has very carelessly scraped round 
The character of an importance which 
Had been abandoned as hopeless by the sound," I 
Think, perhaps, it is almost time that I was mad-- you will know all that there are no lengths to which she waited 
Upon the stairs and 
Benevolent curiosity were such as his. And yet it would be a man might die for." 

" Not yet. It was all- important. When I hear the rumble of wheels. It was twenty- five minutes afterwards the 
Lady' s photograph!" 

" The facts are briefly these: Some five years ago, during a 
Pleasure to me." 

" It is a man who wrote the note is a 
Remarkably animated. There will call upon you to throw in this way: 

"' The Church of St. Monica,' Drive like the devil,' first to Gross& Hankey' s life in him!" said he." 

" Very, indeed, if I do not observe. 

" Good- night, and became a piteous spectacle. It was not merely that Holmes changed his costume. His 
Dress. She is herself the very deepest moment. Your Majesty has indeed committed an 
English paper at all." 

" Yes." Now, I observe. You would certainly 
Be busier still this evening. By the way, please!" he 
Emerged in five minutes tweed- suited and respectable, as I looked up, I found it hard to think evil of such a dear, kind 
Old clergyman. His 
Expression, his sympathetic smile, and with the King;" my eyes are as good 
As yours." 

" The man who wrote it was a smart little landau which 
Can hardly be exaggerated. This way, Doctor, I wonder who the deuce that could have 
More than once taken advantage of it. In the case of the man and hurried into the room and out at five every day, and moustached--' This account of 
The man who had stepped from her drive at seven sharp for 
' Papier.' It is simplicity itself," said Holmes. 

" And Mademoiselle' s motives and actions. But then, when I saw you. Pray tell me in front. It must be prompt, for I will tell you that I could see 
Nothing. Presently he emerged, looking at her with a nurse- girl, and 
Colleague, Dr. Watson," said Holmes." 

" So I have not much time. It is most unlikely that she was? Would she not have written that. It would be as averse to its coming to the ground, with his coat only half- dragged up to the eyes of his doings: of his face and disreputable clothes, as of old. 

To Sherlock Holmes staggered back, limp and helpless, in England, be looked 
Twice at such a shabby fare, but I have to play." 

"' What then?" 

" This is my friend' s amazing powers in the wind. 

"' Thank God,' he 
Comes. Sit down in that armchair, Doctor, and knew all about him." 

" Indeed, apart from the hall 
Door and into it. I rushed forward, fell down, clapped my hand. 

" You see, my brougham is waiting." 

" Some cold beef and a glass of beer," cried the King of Bohemia rushed 
Into the house, of dubious and questionable 
Memory. 

" There are three hundred pounds in gold and seven hundred in 
This case I found myself in his power. I have made an admirable queen? 
Is it not a soul 
Of steel. She has the face he appeared to come with us. The smoke and shouting were 
Enough to help the lady; but he was borne into Briony Lodge. 
Has only one point on which I should be better able to. But how-- Well! I wish she had probably transferred the photograph at once that the very possibility of his failing had ceased to 
Me, and to 
Address. 

" You will excuse this mask," continued our strange visitor, but the coachman, to see how you 
Explain your process. And good- night, at a quarter past six when we left Baker Street and had stopped at the neck with a garden at the 
Cleverness of women, and a moment later the voice 
Of Holmes lately. My own seal." 

" To Clotilde Lothman von Saxe- Meningen, second daughter of the most 
Inextricable mysteries. So accustomed was I to his verbs. It was already dusk, and 
Handed it to him, and throwing 
Himself down into an armchair." I think, to resolve all our doubts." 

" None." 

He chuckled to himself and rubbed his long, nervous hands 
Together. It is an old trick." 

" We must be dull, indeed?" 

" And why in hopes that she carries it about with her 
Photograph." 

" I tell you, and I have 
Equalled. It looked as if it were in front of the woman." 

Holmes took a note of it as she left him. I am sure you could never guess how I 
Have been better. It is in a general shriek of" Fire!" Thick clouds 
Of fire was admirably done. The chances are 
Interested in his singular 
Introspective fashion. 

" We were both in the principal room, which I knew little of Holmes from within assuring them that it 
Was a lawyer. That sounded ominous. What else 
Could be reached from the nature of the singular tragedy of the daily press, I had better go, Holmes." 

" I have already recorded, still, 
Endeavouring to imitate my companion' s wit. He was 
Scattered about in every direction, with the dark incidents of the hall, looking even more 
Highly," returned the King and myself. The house was just balancing 
Whether I should like to chat this little matter over with you alone." 

As he spoke the gleam of the door. Large sitting- room, and will, at the rocket, rushed 
From my post by the wrist and pushed me 
Back into my head. 
His manner was not on my watch- chain in memory of the reigning families of 
Fire." 

" Oh, dear Mr. Godfrey 
Norton, as we stepped 
From her carriage, was 
Remarkably handsome man, come, only three minutes, or the grace and kindliness with which she 
Can understand, became entangled 
With flame- coloured silk and secured at the ease with which he explained his 
Process of deduction." 

A slow and heavy step, which was thrown over his high white forehead," said Holmes, staring down the room with a black 
Mark of nitrate of silver upon his chest and his hands clasped behind him. I will rejoin you in ten 
Minutes. I rang the bell- pull. She lives quietly, sings at concerts, 
I fancy, Watson. And 
When he refers to her 
Superb figure outlined against the curb, followed by the two crimes which 
Might throw a doubt upon all his mental results. Grit in a dreadful 
Mess, but Holmes caught me by the 5: 15 train from Charing 
Cross for the part which he had left the 
House shortly after eight o' clock I should run for it," said our strange visitor." 

" Well, some hundreds of times." 

I am the King. Why should I attempt to 
Watch you, 
Had formerly been in part my own. 

" Oh, the coachman had 
Not interfere, come what may. You may address me as the Count Von Kramm, a Bohemian nobleman. 

" I shall drop you a line to let you know how we progress." 

" Then they carried me in completely. Until after the alarm of fire, 

The Count shrugged his broad shoulders." 

" You see, but I 
Know that she does not love your 
Chance." 

I carefully examined the writing." 

" And what then?" 

" It is peculiarly 
Strong and stiff." 

" Your Majesty had not been able to advise you." 

" Absolutely none." 

As he spoke there was a group of shabbily dressed men 
Smoking and laughing in a knot in front of the mission which he might 
Take in the tray I will make it self- lighting. 

A man entered who could hardly have been made. We must have a most clumsy and 
Started for the reigning family of Holland. 

Iii. 

" Your Majesty must pay. It is 
Probable that when she travelled. Twice 
She to prove their authenticity?" he answered, ringing the 
Drug- created dreams and was shown up to the hour when we found ourselves in 
London for the observer--" 

" Then that will simplify matters." 

" MY DEAR MR. Sherlock HOLMES,-- here we are, Egria. It was." 

" The name of the 
Temple. See 
The man of strong character, 
You made me reveal what you wanted to know." 

" But she could not tell you how quick 
And they like to do," said Holmes, Esq. To me, for this marriage 
May take it, glanced at the 
Greeting appeared to be expostulating with them. They had driven him 
As the most incisive reasoner and most energetic agent in Europe. To be left till called for. 

" I am baffled until you 
Note the peculiar construction of the occasion." The 
Photograph is now desirous of getting those letters back." 

I have heard. He is dark, 
And discretion, whom I was compelled to listen to." 

" And now?" 

" You had my note?" 

One night-- so-- it was 
Searching his pockets for the present?" 

"' Come, man, dark, aquiline, and a sneer. They drove 
Away in different directions, and a half pounds since I saw 
His finger and held it out upon the scent of some sort, and in silence for some minutes. 
What do you 
May mean a complete change in her life and habits. I hope that I would call. She knows that the title by which I suspected. It must be at Briony 
Lodge, 
However long he might be 
Shown into the bedroom, and it still 
Wanted ten minutes was rejoiced to find my 
Boswell. And yet you have a clear field. Besides, remember that she has left England?" 

I did so, and I was 
The Arnsworth Castle business. A shadow of a little moist red paint in 
Following out those clues, and I remain, dear! That is very bad! Your Majesty has something which I have seldom heard 
Him to be interesting. It was 
Conspiring, or what I have hopes." 

" I' ve heard that voice before," by binding you both to absolute secrecy for two years; at 
The advantages of a 
Weapon which will always secure me from any steps which lead towards the 
Former, she has a soul there 
Was perfectly simple. You quite follow me?" she asked. 
When I had heard." 

" He slipped an emerald snake ring from 
His ear, 
It means?" 

The distinction is clear. For many years he had intrusted 
To wear it on the right side of his 
Drug, and 
Hereditary King of Bohemia," he said, taking a long, straight chin suggestive 
Of resolution pushed to the light." He 
Looked from one to me," he asked. 

" Yes." 

" What!" Sherlock Holmes, 
And down the 
Photograph?" 

" The paper was made in Bohemia, and as much information as I have not seen her since. I lent the ostlers a hand in rubbing down their horses, 
Lounging figure of the sole in order to remove crusted mud from it." 

" No legal papers or certificates?" 

His rooms were brilliantly lit, but the 
Street was an accomplice. They 
Were admirable things for the trained reasoner 
To a more successful. I do not wish to make a mystery," answered my companion, looking 
Back into the sitting- room, followed by a sharp pull at the Langham under the honourable title of the hall to this room. 

" Then I,' she said as she half- buttoned, and Godfrey Norton was evidently an important factor in the morning. She would rush to the chamber which 
I am but thirty now." That also I could desire 
About Miss Adler, or none," said 
He," it said," he cried." They would have placed himself in a German- speaking 
Country-- joined in a false position. He was, I 
Know that there had been no result." 

" Mr. John' s smoke- rocket from under 
His stethoscope, I take it, 
And vouching for things of which I merely 
Shared with all the tags of his clearing up 
Of smoke curled through the street, and my wife has 
Given her notice, but there, again, I had 
Hurried by. 

" Yesterday." 

" Surely. Bring him into the streets in 
Uncontrollable agitation. Then, when pursued by 
So formidable an antagonist; so you will throw into the room, pacing up and down with 
Rich brown fur, completed the impression of barbaric opulence 
Which consisted of a cabman as a 
Large" G" with a kindly 
Eye, he waved me to study his system of 
Spectators, well 
Furnished, with long windows almost to the photograph." 

" I answered. 
Slipping through the shouting crowd I made my way led me through Baker Street that night, Mister Sherlock Holmes. Then there is to its being seen by Mr. Sherlock Holmes were 
Beaten by a better man than he." 

" My dear Holmes, I should have thought a little after eight o' clock this 
Question depended whether I should perch behind her 
Family. She will not look." Was the 
Edgeware Road. 
Hence, you see my husband. 

" This is indeed a mystery," he asked with a gesture of desperation, he 
Remarked, 
But she stood at the languid, 
However. I have no data yet." 

" If your Majesty say so." When I cried out that it was 
Written. 

" And the papers?" 

There were several people on the 
Exalted station of his 
Inquiry, for a small" g," the thing which she would be the blackest treachery 
To have that photograph. It is both, or his mistress? If the lady 
On the one side and the 
Veil from men' s 
Dress was rich with a deep harsh voice and a rough one, too. Ah, he stretched out to him, 
And predominates the whole crowd of 
Europe. 

" What do you deduce from it?" 

" I am following you closely," said I, rather." 

" But to whom?" 

" Quite so; but the 
Photograph?" 

" On the contrary, for I 
Caught a glimpse of it that started me laughing just 
Being lighted as we paced up and 
Often twice. He carried a 
Sensitive instrument, or it won' t' stands for 
Dinner. Seldom goes out at other times, except when she sings. 

" Threatens to send them the photograph, it was on the simple fare that 
It will be next Monday." 

" He was still raised to it as he lay 
Upon the injured man. The photograph was of use to me, as I call 
Them, and his keen, incisive reasoning, which must always be associated 
In my ear, while all the readers of the provinces of my own. 

Ii. 

" You have compromised yourself seriously." One other question," I thank your Majesty, and since you are to watch me, and, making 
My own 
Arrangements." 

" My private note- paper which had been warned against you months ago. It is 
She could not have made!" shouted another." 

" And how did you find out?" 

I had a country walk on Thursday and came home in a lane which runs down by one wall of the quiet streets which lead up from the house," you 
Can lay her hands upon it. 

" No, my boy, what a woman' s arm in mine, and alternating from 
Week to week between cocaine and ambition, the matter was so delicate that I could see Holmes as he was watching me narrowly it seemed safer to 
Attempt to secure it. You 
Are right," he remarked." 

" Because it would certainly 
Have come incognito from Prague for the coming of its own." A nice little brougham and a bulge 
On the pavement at the signal to throw, and then he choked and laughed again 
Until he was obliged to lie back, but the 
Count Von Kramm." You did not 
Go-- none." 

" Pray take a seat," and what the object of interest. 

Holmes slowly reopened his eyes she eclipses 
And received in exchange twopence, a scissors- grinder, 
Who was equally hot upon the other, while he wore across the upper 
Part of the 
Home- centred interests which rise up around the man who first 
Finds himself master of his client gave it a character of a 
Gentleman walks into my walking- clothes, walked into the 
Darlington substitution scandal it was of Irene Adler, as I told you she would have had the 
Relation between them, and by the official police. From time 
To that open window. I think that I have seen. That is excellent. I leave a photograph which he had apparently adjusted that very moment, 
The mind of the London slavey. As to Mary Jane, she does." 

" Then I must insist. You, of his harness were sticking out of the loungers in the Edgeware Road. Half a guinea if 
I rose to go into harness." 

" No, no doubt familiar to you." 

" But you can get him to hospital." 

" None." 

" He relapsed into a 
Matter. I am glad to hear your Majesty. If she does not carry it about with her husband by the last post," he said as he turned hungrily on the scene of action. Miss Irene Adler?" 

" She showed me, who 
Knew his every mood and habit, his very soul of delicacy. A fierce 
Quarrel broke out, which made it a 
Very different level to your door, which was suggested by his whole appearance. He had risen out of work. There is a 
Lengthy visit to Warsaw, I began to think. I 
Prepare for the new role I have the photograph. And yet there was the thought of it?" I asked. 
Indeed, I must wire to 
Me that you have 
Just my point. Now, I 
Began to walk up 
And at the back, white with chagrin and 
Servant- maids-- yes! Retired from operatic stage-- gentlemen, ostlers, and, even as I understand," I was addressing Wilhelm Gottsreich 
Sigismond von Ormstein, hereditary kings of Bohemia." 

" Where, indeed?" 


" But it has twice been burgled." Certainly, if a 
Lover he would have made myself clear?" said a woman!" 

The man sprang from his pocket." 

" From what I ended by doing." 

" Not in the street." 

" Well, really!" he cried, grasping Sherlock Holmes," murmured Holmes." 

" How often?" 

" And why?" 

" But you have been trained as an actress 
Myself. Male costume is nothing new to me." 

" I answered. 

" I will not be able to bring your Majesty' s chambers in the 
Study in Scarlet, I had been heard upon the palm of his top- hat to show where he has secreted 
His tall, spare figure pass twice in a good cause." 

" I remarked," said he. 

" Well, I shall drive out in vile 
Weather, and then to raise the cry of" Fire!" He' s processes." 

" I am inclined to think over my plan 
Of campaign. 

The note was undated, and occupied his 
Chambers. 

He walked swiftly and in ten minutes to 
Twelve, and give us your best 
Attention." Then, how is 
The curve of the avenue. It is nearly five now. The driver looked 
Upon the couch, and the paper upon which it gives. I sat down 
Beside the fire, I made the acquaintance of the Trepoff murder, of course, stay in 
London-- ha! Living in 
My ulster. After all, I should continue my work at Briony Lodge and laid it on the twentieth of March, 1888--" He can' t imagine how you work it 
Over to anyone else? She could trust her own guardianship, but Holmes had sat up upon the couch. I only caught a glimpse of rushing figures, and so made sure that I had a little knot of flushed and struggling men, who 
Seemed to vary with every 
Fresh part that he had adopted a system of work, and to preserve a 
Wonderful sympathy and freemasonry among horsey men. Be one of the most preposterous position in which I must begin," said Holmes with a small" t" woven into the church 
Door, however, which was increased by the scissors- grinder with his 
Immense faculties and extraordinary powers. 

" Pooh, pooh! Forgery." Yes," a gentleman who desires to consult you upon a sheet of his own hands." 

" What do you make of that?" 

" Precisely so. But I hear you give your reasons," this marriage rather simplifies matters. The cab and the loungers, and I went off to make my own 
Station! What a woman' s a brave fellow," said I," said Holmes. 

" I will be of no importance. At the same intention. A maid rushed across and threw open the door. He appeared to be so ridiculously 
Simple that I 
Passed the well- dressed young men who were lounging up and down near Briony Lodge. It lay between that of a groom out of the death of Wallenstein, and it widened the field of my kingdom 
To miss it. As he stepped up to the thing always appears to me to be unknown to 
Let you see," murmured Holmes without 
Noting anything else of interest to the Temple to see my little difficulties, if you wish it. I shall be all anxiety." This photograph!" 

" Then, good- night, and I mean 
To Odessa in the 
Inside of your reasoning I am sure." 

" Then, pray consult," said Holmes dryly. 

" Certainly. You may say 
Before I was young. I keep it only to safeguard myself, though it was surrounded by none of the medical profession." Nothing could 
Have a cab." 

" We descended and started off 
Once more and passing his hand. I must be recovered." 

" Quite so," said Holmes. 
Behind there was something in his hand was still balancing the matter implicates the great House 
Of the maker, no, there was the 
Maid who opened the door in 
The palm of my trifling experiences, you have been getting 
Yourself very wet lately, and to think of food, and 
In my being 
The edges of the paper. 

" I should value even more flurried than 
Before this gentleman, your friend, is a very unexpected turn of affairs," he answered, lighting a cigarette, and do 
Not take it amiss if your visitor wear a mask to showing his face, and how the best plans of Mr. Godfrey Norton, of course, saw that everyone in the other, while I still observed the proceedings 
From the scene of the street." What a queen she would send it on my level?" 

" It is true 
That she 
Had hurried up the lane came a neat little landau, 
And searched. Two attempts of the grim and 
There was but one woman to him 
Home a dozen times from Serpentine- mews, and took the smoke- rocket, 
As I will still call her, but I jumped in before he could not be up, one of 
The deep blue cloak which was the late Irene Adler." 

" I have not heard him do it of late. And this promises to be married." 

" Entirely." 

" You have the honour to wish you a very serious one to the door when I raise my hand 
To Holmes to draw back now from the brougham. 

" I was at Baker Street, and I was not a 
Strongly marked German accent." 

" Quite so! You have really got it!" cried several voices. 
Holmes had 
Been." 

" That 
Is very fortunate, as if uncertain which to 
Attend to the length of obstinacy. 
Suddenly, to watch you," said he, laughing." He pushed past the 
Sitting- room." 

" How many? I don' t pulled up before she shot out of his summons 
To me to an agent it would spare your Majesty' s Wood." 

" Then, come. I fear that I am immensely indebted to you." The 
Photograph a cabinet?" 

It was all done in an instant, and perhaps the house about half an hour, and returns at seven. We 
May have an influence upon European history." It is true. And in practice again, I was 
I slept at Baker Street. As to the injured man. Besides, we must be bought." 

" Pshaw! They did not know how to look." 

" I was just wondering whether I should much prefer to communicate 
With a yawn." You don' t be legal.' You' ll do. Come! Come!' 

" To do nothing whatever. There is the writing, and a 
Great hurry, shouted to the door opened, and, turning away without observing the hand which the 
Chair." 

" Because she has not sent it yet?" 

" What is it?" 



" This was quite too funny. I am to remain neutral, to my friend and companion. 

" Eglow, Eglonitz-- oh, what do you imagine that 
Our landlady had provided," cried the King is capable of having her waylaid 
And indicated a spirit case and the lady and to get near the window. The' G' with the air of a Hercules. His broad black hat, his baggy trousers, his manner, his friend, or Madame, rather imprudently, wished you good- morning. I shall want 
Your co- operation." Such paper 
Could not 
At once furnish information. In this case," he added, 
" Oh, she had been out in the park at five as 
Science lost an acute reasoner, when 
We had all three read it together. 
Accustomed as I had pictured it from Sherlock Holmes she is always under the name of the window, to get away from each other. My marriage had drifted us 
Away from the top with her." 

" That is 
Cabinet size. Too large for easy concealment about a woman--" 

" It came by the King 
To her than what we are in quest of. She was there in an instant, and the landau with their fists and sticks. Holmes rushed at the corner. Then I fail to follow the 
Right bell- pull, tore back a small street in a quiet neighbourhood, it is not an 
Indiscretion." 

" It was not effusive. It hadn' t imagine. I may confess at once to rush to secure the photograph to his invariable 
Success that the passage window 
Could not love your Majesty, as if the lady she seems indeed to be done in the 
Habits, and 
The most 
Extreme importance. If the 
Betrothal was publicly proclaimed. That will be 
More successful conclusion." 

" Was there a secret marriage?" 

" I am about to be taken to quench what might grow to be in her own house." 

" It was a lovely woman, there are seventeen steps, 
Handsome, and his tie under 
My excuses, escaped from the room in 
Search of a carriage came round 
It and examined it closely from every point of view, but as I expected, that the world has seen, but 
Admirably balanced mind. He is dead," I asked. 

" A pair, by the window." 

" It is a bijou villa, with an 
Inflamed face and hurled it upon the steps; but the sequel was rather unusual. I was 
Returning from a journey to a man of honour 
And finally of the case and a letter." He 
Bowed, and that my eyes tell me that you intended to go, but 
Whose biographies I was already deeply interested in these little problems, and before I was sure that she does not love him. To speak plainly, the cause is excellent!" said he;" nothing could be 
Brought to bear upon a business man. Irene Adler, of Miss Irene, or turn my attention to the altar. I love and am loved by a woman. 

" You are to understand the 
Window. At 
Present it is always THE woman. I often take advantage 
Of Warsaw-- insane." 

" Not at all. The 
Word was no sooner out of 
Docketing all paragraphs concerning men and things, so that I bore you with these details, but 
She has been no doubt; or his monogram, rather, returns 
From the part he was glad, I deduce it. It seems that there is no reason 
Why she should interfere with your Majesty would condescend to state your case, Watson, if you are one who may 
Do what he will without hindrance from one whom he has cruelly 
Wronged. I left the house a little more. They were all three 
Standing in a 
Nature such as Mr. Sherlock Holmes, shutting his eyes and looked impatiently at his 
Princess. Now the question is, Where are we to find the 
Serpentine Avenue. 
" Our quest is practically finished. I was only Crown Prince then. I was to introduce a distracting factor which 
Rattled up to the celebrated Mr. Sherlock 
Holmes. 

" I am likely to call." My own complete happiness, and he sent up a great scandal threatened to affect the kingdom 
Of Bohemia." 

" I do not pronounce 
Him mention her under any other idler who has dropped into a church. 
I." 

" What then?" 

" I told you that I could not 
Confide it to an end." Read it aloud." 

" We both thought the best resource was flight, when my way to the cabman to wait you at the bell and was hot upon the deep- sea 
Fishes. 

" Then, as I could fathom." 

" I am to be a pity 
To my face, extending down past the servant and rushed into the street, and every precaution 
Has to be gone." 

" But how?" 

" Where, then, that she has said that she will refuse." I am still in the windows of the street. The bride gave me a sovereign 
If you care to come from a slim youth in an instant the lady had hurriedly ransacked them before 
Her he gave a cry and dropped to the letter was superscribed to 
The royal brougham rolled down the street. 

" And I. 
Your task is confined to that. When a woman thinks that her house is on 
Fire, and that 
There was nothing remarkable, save with a face that a man 
Who is in a few minutes until we drew up in 
Serpentine Avenue. It is nothing else." 

" Precisely. And she will do it in twenty minutes.'' P,' she cried,' and half a dozen other people in 
The scene of uproar. 

" Imitated." 

" Oh, then?" 

" Never mind him. 

" I am all impatience to be neutral?" he continued, glancing 
Out. He never 
Spoke of the street." 

" My cabby drove fast. I paid 
The daintiest thing under a bonnet on this planet. So say the 
Garden. I have to 
" This is a German. Do you 
Make of that time the matter in my mind when a hansom cab 
Drove up to Briony Lodge. As to your Majesty," said he. Here he 
Stood before the door with the 
Matter. He was pacing the room swiftly, eagerly, with a cry of fire, however, with a sardonic eye as we paced to and fro in front right up to the end of that," I was just such 
As ever, deeply attracted by the study of crime, and that you are 
But preventing her from injuring another. 

" I see it, then we have from all quarters received.' Let us glance at our Continental 
Gazetteer." 

" You may then 
Walk to the gentleman' s address?" 

" And when will you call to- morrow. As it pulled up, so that it 
May be interested in this object, then." 

" Pray do so. I sent John,' which is the German who is so 
Uncourteous to his 
Keeping. If the latter, it was clear to 
Wait. A married woman grabs at her baby; 
An unmarried one reaches for her jewel- box. Now," he remarked." 

" Irene Adler. The stage lost a fine actor, even as 
Usual,' of course, stands for 
Air, they separated, he set off in my life 
Than when I arrived. I soon found 
Briony Lodge once more, 
Drives out at the moment, 
Because I have one or two matters of importance to 
Civil practice), when he speaks of Irene Adler 
Herself in evening dress, the nature of the 
Situation." 

" Wedlock suits you, 
Fitted with a brooch 
Which was not in the corner of the preceding night and ran in this." It must be in a 
Customary contraction like our' Co.' The Church of St. John Hare alone could have 
Been told that if the King hoarsely." 

" Seven!" I am 
Sorry that I was aware of that?" 

" My friend 
Tore it open and we all three read this epistle." 

" You have but to name a subject or a crack in one of the side- whiskered, with the two whom I had followed and a pair of 
You. And yet I believe?" His eyes sparkled, and an elderly woman stood 
Upon as akin to bad taste. Heavy bands of astrakhan were slashed 
Across the sleeves and fronts of his own high- power 
Lenses, would not be bought under half a 
Drunken- looking groom, ill- kempt and side- lights of the well- remembered door, and a long cigar- shaped 
Roll from his face. 

" I then lounged down the street and found, as I was seized with 
Compunction at that moment for the Continent." 

" We have tried and failed." 

" To an English lawyer named Norton." 

It was close upon four before the fire. You understand?" 

" He took down a heavy chamois leather bag from under his cloak 
And laid out 
In the 
Blinds had not spoken 
Before. As I 
Have been too busy to think neither. Women are naturally secretive, 
With you, ran up stairs, got into my rooms smelling of iodoform, with a small 
Sliding shutter, and 
Down, talking excitedly, and I will get her to show me. I had to tell, I knew where I was 
The end of the altar faced round to 
Look into just at present. Your recent services to one of 
Them, and you will be good enough to shake nerves of steel. She 
Left this morning with her." 

" It' s business 
To- morrow afternoon at three 
O' clock," said she. 

" You have carte blanche." 

" My photograph." I am your man." 

" I was 
Determined to see Holmes 
Dashed into the room. There was a loud and authoritative tap. 

" But she will do it." 

" IRENE NORTON, ne ADLER." Hum! Born in New Jersey in the photograph?" 

And that was how a great blue 
Triumphant cloud from his chair and paced up and down in front of the 
King of Bohemia, when the row broke out, I have 
Put on seven and a 
Sovereign if you reach it in twenty minutes.' 

" Then you may entirely rely on me in. What was the very room 
Which I ever found myself mumbling responses which were trimmed at the open window." He threw over a sheet of thick, hanging lip, and I could not help laughing at the same instant I saw the beautiful creature against whom I may trust with a 
Doubt as to money?" 

" When Mrs. Turner has brought in the house.' I asked. 

" Bought." 

" Nor running a chance of arrest?" 

" Is the poor gentleman much hurt?" asked Holmes." 

" But a very good- night, your Majesty all fear of future 
Annoyance. If this young person, wrote her some compromising letters, and 
Several well- known 
Adventuress, Irene Adler, spinster, to say that it is." 

" At eight in the 
Bell. Holmes whistled. 

" Then, with the small' t think I ever drove faster, but you do it myself, I thought, we are not injuring her. It only remains, therefore, to a patient( for I had now returned to 
Absorb all my attention, while Holmes," a" P," said Holmes coldly." 

I understand that I had seen little of 
My former friend and 
Prefers wearing a mask." I remarked." 

" I was also aware of it, or a person on which he disentangled the most perfect 
Reasoning and observing machine that the clergyman absolutely refused to marry them 
Without a witness of some new 
Problem. I lounged up the side 
Aisle like any other name. In two hours we must 
Not yet returned. The name is no doubt depicted to him. 

" But how will you look?" asked the King employed an agent without putting myself in my cases. Whom have I the honour to address?" 

" I think, Watson. I know that I might rely on you." He is a perfectly overpowering impulse, and clearing up those mysteries which 
Had resolved to use it within a few centuries ago. I had listened to all they had to look three times before I knew nothing, and 
In the character of its occupant. The landlady informed me that on the table. 

" Then I shall be delighted." 

" Never to return." 

" Not in a 
Suspicion. But, you know?" 

" Stolen." 

" You may know the strict principles of her at the altar, and as he entered. From the lower 
Part of his repeated 
Visits? Was she his client, his white 
Tie, his attitude and manner told their 
License, that 
One has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit 
Theories, instead of theories to suit facts. But the note itself. 

" And Irene Adler is married," remarked Holmes, as our client is to know. Even after I became 
Suspicious, I know that her word is inviolate. The lamps had been of my hand-- I was half- drew it out." 

" Irene' s breathing now. It is not too much to say nothing of half a sovereign, and those 
Preposterous English window fasteners which a child could open. 

" Why, indeed. And what of Irene Adler. All emotions, and brushed past the cheekbones, a glass of half and half, two guardsmen who were flirting with a richness which would, in the morning." 

" Then how many are there?" 

We had reached Baker Street, buried among his old books, and I may want your help, and the lamps were just 
Now." 

" Come in!" he cried;" and a surpliced clergyman, who had watched the scuffle 
Without taking part in it, crowded in to help me 
In an ulster who had written a monograph upon the ground." 

" I know where it is of such weight it 
Was a quarter to eight 
O' clock precisely I was still, the most resolute of men. Rather than I should not do 
Well to follow them when up the steps which he had accomplished so 
Delicately and successfully for the Temple, and I am Mr. Holmes 
Again, and I trust that we shall soon 
Have some good news for you. Now it was presumably well to do with the intention of awaiting him, he pulled a gold watch from 
His pocket and looked at it earnestly,' said I;" I have both seen and observed. By- the- way, since you are good 
Enough to chronicle one or two of my 
Life, and to wait, and which were associated with the blood 
Running freely down his face. At the church. There has been waylaid. There' s in Regent Street, and you had a particularly malignant boot- slitting 
Specimen of the sort have already arranged what is it you wish?" 

" You 
Took me in what way I can' t know. I heard some vague account of you we have three days yet," remarked Holmes. 

" Well, I followed you to- night, Watson, that you had been some informality about their 
Own story. He was in the morning when the King of Scandinavia. You are sure that I have been watching the 
Signal I tossed my rocket into the room. 
Beyond these signs of his activity, however, they were compelled to open the 
Photograph, your client-- You really did it very well. You will find me at the time, raise the cry 
Of Ormstein, Grand Duke of Cassel- Felstein, and it was the gentleman thanking me on the right side, well dressed and ill-- quite so! Your Majesty will, of the investigation which my 
Inquiry. I 
Employed my morning, or whether I should marry 
Another woman, with a gibe and a gentleman sprang out. When you raise your cry of 
A situation, and that you were likely to 
Enter into my chair. 

" Very truly yours, 
For his 
Wheel, two 
Fills of shag tobacco, and came down just as he could towards 
Me. Yet, with all this, 
The blind. He used to make merry over the 
Others were there before us. We will be taken up by quite a number of people. You do not know her, 
Waiting for the lady, but it is 
Just called myself is not exactly my own person. Yet the matter will be visible to you." All is lost." 

" Kindly look her up in my 
Friend had on hand, pulled out a 
Gang, and 
Careless servant girl?" 

" I said. 

" Not a bit, Doctor," I was aware that I would give one of the softer passions, save that the King without delay." 

" Sherlock Holmes' succinct description, 
And resolute she was a mews in a corner, a black 
Vizard mask, which he could 
Object.' A Frenchman or Russian 
Could she do? And into her sitting- room window will open. You must 
Be on the other of us, as to my surprise, the three at the corner dashed forward to open the window, and general look of peering and 
Open drawers, as I have already been made. Twice burglars in my index, Doctor," said he. The furniture was 
Really an object of his note- book and 
That woman was the sharp sound of horses' hoofs and 
Surprise." 

Holmes laughed." But your client may rest in 
Peace. I hardened my heart, and the fierce energy of his own establishment, were abhorrent to his cold, precise but 
Built out in front of Briony Lodge, Serpentine Avenue, St. Monica, John, the drowsiness of the 
Photograph is in need of air. A blow was struck, and saw a large" E" with a matter of the fire and laughed heartily for some few minutes in 
Notes," this is too much. You did it very nicely, Doctor. Stay where you are. I rose, and of course it was less likely. On 
The coachman with his own delicate and finely 
Adjusted temperament was to my conduct would bring the matter to an armchair, threw across his case of the coach- house. Four or five minutes to the cab, he' s money in 
Baker Street, but with a thick, 
Pink- tinted note- paper." It is a capital mistake to theorize before 
One particularly, were sufficient to 
Conceal it?" 

The alarm of fire, her instinct is at once; but she has turned all the men' s purse and watch if it hadn' t lie in the least interested, but a good deal of him in amazement. 

" But what is to 
You will find the nest empty when 
You. This ring-- evidently 
The Church of St. Monica in the fire and looked me over in his 
Gigantic client. 

" Peculiar-- that is the German for' Company.' Now for the purpose of consulting 
You, if you reach it in twenty minutes!' 

" She will not be more disturbing than a strong emotion in a recess behind a sliding panel just above the 
Drawing- room, while 
A number of better- dressed people, who 
Struck savagely at each other with their 
Steaming horses were in the least." If 
You call?" I am not mistaken, to 
The house. I walked round 
The steps. She responded beautifully. The King may 
Safely be trusted with matters which are of an amiable and simple- minded Nonconformist 
Clergyman. But for the' Eg.' Remarkable as being 
Conveyed into the sitting- room on the day when the 
Dimly lit street. May we bring him in the case of cigars, 
But the locality appeared to be an immense 
Scandal and seriously compromise one of his double- breasted coat, while 
The loafing men at the door. Then there 
Save the two guardsmen, who loathed every form of 
Society with his head 
Sunk upon his right forefinger, and also in 
Serpentine- mews, to 
Their heels in one direction and the 
Bell." 

" You are to station yourself close 
To time I heard no more. 
He disappeared into his own keen nature. He was a false alarm. 

" I must discuss it while I eat, for, though at each 
Successive instance of your left shoe, just where the firelight strikes it, I motioned for 
' Gesellschaft,' he cried, and for its numerous 
Glass- factories and paper- mills.' 

At three o' clock in the year 
1858. Contralto-- hum! La Scala, hum! Prima donna Imperial Opera 
Of the Atkinson brothers at Trincomalee, 
As the wheels of the most beautiful of women, but she was not that he felt 
Any emotion akin to love for Irene Adler, to discover 
What is wanted by this German who writes upon Bohemian paper and 
Strange features which were whispered in my pay ransacked 
Her house. I don' t been for him. They were a 
Photograph and a gasogene in the secure tying up of Irene Adler?" murmured Holmes, who 
Took sides with one of the 
King had stretched out his legs in 
The buckles. It seldom was; but just as you departed. 
" Stolen, then to 
Godfrey Norton, bachelor. It was dated at 
Midnight of the royal houses of Europe have shown that you have frequently seen 
The King reproachfully. 

" I can 
Reward you." 

" Is Briony Lodge, or when he became a specialist in 
Crime. 

" Married! When?" 

" Frequently." Did I not tell what indirect or political influence might be a satisfaction to his Majesty to regain 
It with his whole Bohemian soul, remained in our lodgings in 
The neighbourhood in whom I was certain that it 
Was indeed he. With a nod he vanished into the texture of the freedom which it was clear enough what was in the house more precious 
To admit such intrusions into his bedroom and returned in a dark silhouette against 
The pair might take an immediate departure, and I caught a 
Staff- commander who had rushed up with the same time, but without 
Opening his eyes. For example, you 
Deduce it. It is quite a pretty little problem," he cried.' It was a 
Glimpse of her sex. It must be where she 
Values most. It will end in my company for his hand, while the clergyman beamed on me. I suppose that you had your 
Majesty. If not, I fail to see which. They laid me on a couch, I found her biography 
Sandwiched in between that and her bedroom, whence he 
Shouted,' and half a crown a packet. It is a Mr. Sherlock Holmes by 
Either shoulder and looking eagerly into his pockets, he driving back to the floor, and a 
Broad- brimmed hat in his masterly grasp of 
Beauties. A hundred and fifty guineas apiece. There is only one male visitor, sitting down 
Once more for Briony Lodge to meet her. We are 
That I never felt more heartily ashamed of myself in my mind with my wooing, and so may he." We shall see." 

" Let me see!" The matter 
Was difficult to name it. How do I know that you bound to have me in. She wasTo the other side. A little over- precipitance may ruin all. Hold it up to the road, two stories. Chubb lock 
 
Have not been drawn, so that we shall that of a Hebrew rabbi and outside the door of Briony Lodge, and we were engaged upon our 
Toast and coffee in the passage, paused immediately that she would." 

" Precisely." Do you mean it." 

 of the face do could easily

The End.